Updates related to OpenTelemetry. (#126795)
Azure/azure-content: articles/azure-functions/opentelemetry-howto.md

When you export your data using OpenTelemetry, keep these current considerations in mind.

+ At this time, only HTTP, Service Bus and Event Hub triggers are supported with OpenTelemetry outputs. 

> + When the host is configured to use OpenTelemetry, the Azure portal does not support log streaming or recent function invocation traces.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ When the host is configured to use OpenTelemetry, the Azure portal doesn't support log streaming or recent function invocation traces.
```

> + Azure Functions App Diagnostics - App Diagnostics is a useful resource in the Azure portal for monitoring and diagnosing potential issues. Go to your Function App resource. In the left menu, select **Diagnose and solve problems** and search for “Function App missing telemetry Application Insights/OpenTelemetry”. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ [Azure Functions diagnostics](functions-diagnostics.md) in the Azure portal is a useful resource for detecting and diagnosing potential monitoring-related issues. 

To access diagnostics in your app:

  1. In the [Azure portal](https://portal.azure.com) navigate to your function app resource. 
  
  1. In the left pane, select **Diagnose and solve problems** and search for the *Function App missing telemetry Application Insights or OpenTelemetry* workflow. 
  
  1. Select this workflow, choose your ingestion method, and select **Next**.
  
  1. Review the guidelines and any recommendations provided by the troubleshooter.
```
